#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.10
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
certifi==2024.8.30
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via mkdocs
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
ghp-import==2.1.0
    # via mkdocs
idna==3.8
    # via requests
jinja2==3.1.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-meta-manager
markdown==3.7
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   pymdown-extensions
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mkdocs
mergedeep==1.3.4
    # via
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
mkdocs==1.6.1
    # via
    #   mkdocs-material
    #   mkdocs-meta-manager
mkdocs-get-deps==0.2.0
    # via mkdocs
mkdocs-glightbox==0.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material==9.1.11
    # via -r requirements.in
mkdocs-material-extensions==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
mkdocs-meta-manager==0.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via mkdocs
platformdirs==4.3.2
    # via mkdocs-get-deps
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
pymdown-extensions==9.11
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ghp-import
pytz==2023.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
    #   mkdocs-get-deps
    #   pymdown-extensions
    #   pyyaml-env-tag
pyyaml-env-tag==0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
regex==2023.5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
requests==2.30.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs-material
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   python-dateutil
smmap==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
urllib3==2.0.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   requests
watchdog==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   mkdocs
zipp==3.15.0
    # via -r requirements.in
